hi guys so today my video is really high
quality because I have a lot of time
since I don't have anything to do well I
could actually go to the beach again but
I don't want to um so yeah I have like a
mosquito bite on my neck so that's why I
was wearing the hello kitty bandaid
yesterday well that's besides the point
but anyways I'm wearing 3d glasses
because I really want to go see like a
really good 3d movie and the last thing
last 3d movie that I saw was how to
train your dragon and i freaking loved
it and i can't wait until it's like
october 15th or something so i can get
the DVD and blu-ray yeah but i think i'm
gonna go see step up 3d with my friends
Elliot and Colin soon so yeah um it's
great that you guys all love my brother
but um sorry this channel is mine is
that case I'm not gonna make any more of
his videos actually he's going off to
college this weekend so yeah um so oh
yay 3d glasses on my dailybooth i took a
picture with it so if you have 3d
glasses and if you have a webcam or
whatever put it on and reply on my
dailybooth jacobs yellow dot know Jacob
is yelling at me is my tumblr my
dailybooth is dailybooth come / jacob is
yellow I'm not gonna do much editing on
this video so just go down to the link
and yeah I keep on doing this as it like
something's gonna show up on my hand
like boom but no it's not gonna happen
not today anyways um yeah I am gonna go
eat some leftover mabo tofu that I made
yesterday I love tofu dishes yeah so um
in the comment section below or on
dailybooth let me know what your um last
3d movie was yeah if you don't have
three glasses then you're not living the
21st century so um too bad so sad ah
live your life
um so yeah bye oh and also i've been at
replying every at reply that I get on my
Twitter today for 24 hours i started at
midnight so um yeah so if you know my
twitter if you have a twitter go to
jacob is yellow and she came is yellow
just write something i will at reply
back to you yay awesome not for reals
but